gh-112632: Add optional keyword-only argument `expand` to `pprint` (#136964)
python/cpython: Doc/library/pprint.rst

      each item of a sequence will be formatted on a separate line,
      otherwise as many items as will fit within the *width*
      will be formatted on each output line.
      Incompatible with *expand*.

   :param bool expand:
      If ``True``,
      opening parentheses and brackets will be followed by a newline and the
      following content will be indented by one level, similar to block style

>       JSON formatting. Incompatible with *compact*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      following content will be indented by one level, similar to
      pretty-printed JSON. Incompatible with *compact*.
```

    'requires_python': None,
    'summary': 'A sample Python project',
    'version': '1.2.0'}

> Lastly, we can achieve block style formatting with the *expand* parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, we can format like pretty-printed JSON with the *expand* parameter.
```
